font color
screen shake
tooltip when hover

Payne Your Honor, a-a moment please!
Payne There isn&t a shred of evidence supporting the defense's claims!
Judge Mr. Wright!
Phoenix Your Honor?
Judge You claim the sound the witness heard came from the clock...
Judge Do you have any evidence?
Phoenix (The whole case is riding on this! I'd better think it through carefully!)
Phoenix Y-Your Honor.
Phoenix The sound Mr. Sahwit heard was definitely this clock.
Phoenix A fact which is clear if you simply...

-- Examine the clock's batteries
-- Ask the neighbors
-- Try sounding the clock

Phoenix All you have to do is examine the batteries!
Judge Hmm... The batteries are... in the right way. The clock seems to be working fine.
Judge What exactly did you mean, Mr. Wright?
Phoenix That the clock was working fine!
Payne Yes, and...?
Phoenix ...
Phoenix Umm, I'm sorry, I got confused back there with all those testimonies.
Judge Mr Wright!
Judge I expect more from a lawyer in this court. Even if it is your first day.
Judge I'm afraid I have to penalize you! Try to think things through more carefully.
Phoenix Y-yes, Your Honor! A-As I was saying...!
Phoenix (The whole case is riding on this! I'd better think it through carefully!)

Phoenix All you have to do is talk to the victim's neighbors!
Judge Talk to the neighbors...?
Phoenix I'm sure one of them heard the clock tell the time when the incident occurred!
Judge I see...
Judge Does the prosecution have anything to say, Mr. Payne?
Payne We have already made all the necessary inquiries.
Payne Everyone living near the victim's apartment was out at the time of the murder.
Payne Furthermore, even if a neighbor had heard the clock,
Payne that would not prove that Mr. Sahwit had heard anything.
Judge Hmm... /n That is true.
Judge I believe you may be wrong, Mr. Wright.
Judge You'll receive a penalty for that, unfortunately.
Phoenix I-I'm sorry, Your Honor! Let me think about it again!
Phoenix (The whole case is riding on this! I'd better think it through carefully!)

Phoenix Let's sound the clock now, here in this court.
Phoenix Your Honor, may I have the clock?
Phoenix I ask the court to listen very carefully...
Alarm Clock ...*beep*...
Alarm Clock [I think it's 8:25.]
Judge That certainly is a strange way to announce the time.
Phoenix Well, he is "The Thinker," after all.
Judge So, we've heard the clock. What are your conclusions, Mr. Wright?
Phoenix Mr. Payne... can you tell me what time it is now?
Payne It's 11:25
Payne Ack!
Phoenix As you can see, this clock is exactly three hours slow!
Phoenix Precisely the discrepancy between what Mr. Sahwit heard and the actual time of death!
Phoenix So, Mr. Sahwit...
Phoenix Try to talk your way out of this one!
Sahwit ...
Sahwit ...Hah! Hah hah!
Sawhit You forgot one thing!
Phoenix (Uh oh... What's he talking about now...?)
Sahwit While it may seem like that clock IS running three hours slow...
Sahwit It proves nothing!
Sahwit How do you know it was running three hours slow on the day of the murder!?
Sahwit If you can't prove that, you don't have a case!
Phoenix ...!
Phoenix (He's right! How am I going to prove that!?)
Phoenix (Dammit! I was so close!)
Judge Mr. Wright?
Judge It seems you lack the critical evidence to support your claim.
Phoenix ...!
Phoenix Yes, Your Honor.
Judge This means I cannot let you indict the witness.
Judge Unfortunately...
Judge This ends the cross-examination of Mr. Frank Sahwit.